/*
    Possessive and the "Genitive Sajon"
    Section 3 - Lecture 18
*/
The possessive in English is done differently than in Spanish

The so-called genitive sajon is formed with an apostrophe and an "s" at the end of the person

    It's Richard's car. = Es el coche de Richard.

The "genitive" works as an adjective, so it goes before the noun in question

    Examples:
        Tom's car = El coche de Tom
        Mary's shoes = Los zapatos de Mary
        Pedro's sister = La hermana de Pedro
        My brother's house = La casa de mi hermano
        Sylvia's wedding = La boda de Sylvia
        Paul's jacket = La chaqueta de Paul

another use of " 's "

    the apostrophe with an s is also used as a short form of the verb "is"    
        Pedro's house = La casa de Pedro
        Pedro's at home = Pedro is at home (Pedro está en casa)
        John's a doctor, and Mary's a Dentist (Short form of "is")
        John's doctor told him he should stop smoking (possessive)
        That's Mary's boyfriend (That is and a possessive - Mary's)

    Examples
    Bill's office is on the 3rd floor
    That's Tom's house, and that's Mary's house
    Do you see that girl? She's Bill's sister
    Those are my father's shoes
    Bob's car is red. Sam's car is blue
    Pedro's family is from Barcelona
    Mary's dog is enormous

An exception
When we put a possessive to a name or title what already finish in -s, normally we put only the apostrophe, without duplicate the s

    My boss' office is in the corner
    Carlos' hair is black
    Thomas' car is very old
    My parents' house is in the city center

Possessive Adjectives
    We have a series of possessive adjectives to indicate possession without using the name. They look like personal pronouns
    My, your, his, her, its, our, their

        It's my car = Es mi coche
        This is your house = Esta es tu casa
        She's our friend = Ella es nuestra amiga

    Translates

        my house = mi casa
        your house = tu casa
        his house = su (de él) casa
        her house = su (de ella) casa
        our house = nuestra casa
        their house = su (de ellos) casa
    
Things without genre
    
    We can use "its" for things without clear gender, often animals
        The bird is in its nest
        The horse is turned its head
        It's = It is
        It's sunny today. It's a beatiful day!
        It's time to go. It's almost 12 o'clock

    His and Her

        A difficult is present with his and her
        His = su (de él)
        Her = su (de ella)
        In Spanish these ideas do not differ
        Maria esta en una fiesta con su novio = Maria is at a party with her boyfriend
        Pedro esta en el parque con su novia = Pedro is in the park with his girlfriend

    Very important
        It is very important that there is agreement in gender (if not, the phrase is confusing or shocking)
            My uncle is at home with his children
            My grandmother is working in her garden
            My sister is cleaning her apartment
            My boss is in his office 
        (The boss word is neutral, but we know perfectly the genre of the person and is reflected in the possessive adjective)
    
    More Examples:

        Sonia is at her parents' house today.
        My wife is visiting her sister
        Pedro is looking his keys
        That's Tom, and that's his brother
        That's Mary, and that's her boyfriend
        Where's her husband today?
        Her husband is visiting his mother in the hospital